# js-template

## Updating Dependencies

At the beginning of each cohort, update the versions in
[`package.json`](package.json) by replace all versions with a glob (`*`) and
running `npm update --save && npm update --save-dev`. You may wish to test these
changes by deleting the `node_modules` directory and running `npm install`.
Fix any conflicts.

## Structure

Dependencies are stored in [`package.json`](package.json).

Do not configure `grunt` packages directly in the
[`Gruntfile.js`](Gruntfile.js). Instead, store configurations in the
[`grunt`](grunt) directory. You won't need a top-level key, since that's
generated by the `Gruntfile.js` based on the filename of the configuration
object stored in the `grunt` directory.

Developers should store JavaScript files in [`assets/scripts`](assets/scripts).
The "manifest" or entry-point is
[`assets/scripts/index.js`](assets/scripts/index.js). In general, only
application initialization goes in this file. It's normal for developers to
start putting all code in this file, but encourage them to break out different
responsibilities and use the `require` syntax put references where they're
needed.

Developers should store styles in [`assets/styles`](assets/styles).

## Tasks

Developers should run these often!

-   `grunt nag` or just `grunt`: runs code quality analysis tools on your code
    and complains
-   `grunt reformat`: reformats all your code in a standard style
-   `grunt serve`: generates bundles, watches, and livereloads
-   `grunt test`: runs any automated tests, depends on `grunt build`
-   `grunt build`: place bundled styles and scripts where `index.html` can find
    them

## [License](LICENSE)

Source code distributed under the MIT license. Text and other assets copyright
General Assembly, Inc., all rights reserved.

## Wireframe
./projects/Tic-Tac-Toe/Tic-Tac-Toe_wireframe

## User Stories
When I press New Game, I want to reset the gameboard so I can play another game.
When I press on a block, I want to mark with a symbol so I can continue the game.
When there are 3 symbols in a row, I want to indicate a winner so I can start a new game.
